welcome to rally hunter club now today
Chuck and I are out here we're gonna
plant slim on brown top millet and as
you can see scrolling across here we've
already got some grain soccer might say
we got about a creek and a half of grain
sorghum already growing we're gonna prep
brown top millet about three maybe four
acres of brown top millet some more
grain sorghum and some sunflowers now
the brown top millet sixty days which
would put us around the 1st of September
which is gonna be great for dove season
we're either gonna burn it are we gonna
mow it something like that so so here we
are we're out here working it Chuck so
I'm pairing it up again we got some
moisture in the ground and we supposed
to get some more rain so we're gonna
spread it with a red hopper we're just
gonna broadcast spread it out then we're
gonna cover it gently with the Harris so
stay tuned and hopefully it's brown top
Miller to come up and we'll be able to
have us a good dove season so anyway
thanks for watching reality hunt club
and stay tuned I want to show you some
video of Chuck spreading it and that'll
be about it and hopefully in 60 days
we'll we'll have some good Brown top
Miller we got some great we've got some
great grain sorghum right now as you can
see considering the drought we had it
really came up this last couple rains we
had and start to come the head
hopefully to get about waist-high but on
real good grain sorghum so we're gonna
plant that in brown top millet as you
can see it's the rice good lane for Doug
hunting and we're gonna plant over there
on the other side of that little
drainage ditch all the way up to that
house and hopefully we'll have some
doves for me and Chuck and both of our
kids to shoot so anyway um thanks for
watching right hug club
you